## Note
nid: 1661020709814
model: Cloze (overlapping)-chrisc-8467e
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Victor_Liu
markdown: false

### Original
There are usually four veins that correspond to the four cutaneous
branches of the femoral artery: - [[oc1::superficial circumflex
iliac, superficial epigastric, and superficial and deep external
pudendal]] There may also be [[oc2::anterolateral]] and
[[oc2::posteromedial]] femoral veins (the latter sometimes called
the <b>accessory saphenous vein</b>) A deep vein that pierces the
fascia lata over [[oc3::adductor longus]]

### Title
Tributaries of the great saphenous vein

### Remarks
<img src="paste-a71d824d8c6b04b10f9a8037b18e4d5ab405ea09.jpg">

### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
There are usually four veins that correspond to the four cutaneous
branches of the femoral artery: - {{c1::superficial circumflex
iliac, superficial epigastric, and superficial and deep external
pudendal}} There may also be ... and ... femoral veins (the latter
sometimes called the <b>accessory saphenous vein</b>) A deep vein
that pierces the fascia lata over ...

### Text2
There are usually four veins that correspond to the four cutaneous
branches of the femoral artery: - superficial circumflex iliac,
superficial epigastric, and superficial and deep external pudendal
There may also be {{c2::anterolateral}} and {{c2::posteromedial}}
femoral veins (the latter sometimes called the <b>accessory
saphenous vein</b>) A deep vein that pierces the fascia lata over
...

### Text3
There are usually four veins that correspond to the four cutaneous
branches of the femoral artery: - ... There may also be
anterolateral and posteromedial femoral veins (the latter sometimes
called the <b>accessory saphenous vein</b>) A deep vein that
pierces the fascia lata over {{c3::adductor longus}}

### Text4


### Text5


### Text6


### Text7


### Text8


### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
There are usually four veins that correspond to the four cutaneous
branches of the femoral artery: - {{c21::superficial circumflex
iliac, superficial epigastric, and superficial and deep external
pudendal}} There may also be {{c21::anterolateral}} and
{{c21::posteromedial}} femoral veins (the latter sometimes called
the <b>accessory saphenous vein</b>) A deep vein that pierces the
fascia lata over {{c21::adductor longus}}
