## Note
nid: 1661020709350
model: Cloze (overlapping)-19dc6
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Victor_Liu
markdown: false

### Original
The tendon of flexor digitorum superficialis enters the fibrous
flexor sheath on the [[oc1::palmar]] surface of the tendon of
flexor digitorum profundus. It divides into [[oc2::two halves]],
which flatten a little and spiral around the profundus tendon and
meet on its deep surface in a [[oc3::chiasma]] (a partial
decussation). This forms a tendinous bed in which lies the
profundus tendon. Distal to the chiasma the superficialis tendon is
attached to the sides of the [[oc4::<i>whole shaft</i> of the
middle phalanx]].

### Title
The insertion of flexor digitorum superficialis

### Remarks
<img src="paste-25d3e76082d97f9767585a8eb238b968fa8c862c.jpg">

### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
The tendon of flexor digitorum superficialis enters the fibrous flexor sheath on the {{c1::palmar}} surface of the tendon of flexor digitorum profundus. It divides into ..., which flatten a little and spiral around the profundus tendon and meet on its deep surface in a ... (a partial decussation). This forms a tendinous bed in which lies the profundus tendon. Distal to the chiasma the superficialis tendon is attached to the sides of the ....

### Text2
The tendon of flexor digitorum superficialis enters the fibrous flexor sheath on the palmar surface of the tendon of flexor digitorum profundus. It divides into {{c2::two halves}}, which flatten a little and spiral around the profundus tendon and meet on its deep surface in a ... (a partial decussation). This forms a tendinous bed in which lies the profundus tendon. Distal to the chiasma the superficialis tendon is attached to the sides of the ....

### Text3
The tendon of flexor digitorum superficialis enters the fibrous flexor sheath on the ... surface of the tendon of flexor digitorum profundus. It divides into two halves, which flatten a little and spiral around the profundus tendon and meet on its deep surface in a {{c3::chiasma}} (a partial decussation). This forms a tendinous bed in which lies the profundus tendon. Distal to the chiasma the superficialis tendon is attached to the sides of the ....

### Text4
The tendon of flexor digitorum superficialis enters the fibrous
flexor sheath on the ... surface of the tendon of flexor digitorum
profundus. It divides into ..., which flatten a little and spiral
around the profundus tendon and meet on its deep surface in a
chiasma (a partial decussation). This forms a tendinous bed in
which lies the profundus tendon. Distal to the chiasma the
superficialis tendon is attached to the sides of the {{c4::<i>whole
shaft</i> of the middle phalanx}}.

### Text5


### Text6


### Text7


### Text8


### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
The tendon of flexor digitorum superficialis enters the fibrous
flexor sheath on the {{c21::palmar}} surface of the tendon of
flexor digitorum profundus. It divides into {{c21::two halves}},
which flatten a little and spiral around the profundus tendon and
meet on its deep surface in a {{c21::chiasma}} (a partial
decussation). This forms a tendinous bed in which lies the
profundus tendon. Distal to the chiasma the superficialis tendon is
attached to the sides of the {{c21::<i>whole shaft</i> of the
middle phalanx}}.
