## Note
nid: 1661020712336
model: Cloze (overlapping)-chrisc-8467e
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Christine_Zhao, GSSE::Anatomy::Thorax::09._Lungs
markdown: false

### Original
- Beyond the respiratory bronchioles are the [[oc1::respiratory
ducts]], with many alveoli opening off them - These continue into
[[oc2::alveolar ducts]] which have a lining of <i>cubical</i>
epithelium (<u>but no cilia</u>) and also many <i>alveoli</i>. -
Finally there are the [[oc3::alveolar sacs]] which become
<i>cubicalized</i> into [[oc4::alveoli]]

### Title
Structure of a lung acinus

### Remarks
Alveolar sacs may be likened to the central area of a room in a
library or museum, with cubicles (alveoli) arranged round the sides
<img src="paste-d3e19f952bdadd18cbe9775bb984cb9dc941a3dc.jpg">

### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
- Beyond the respiratory bronchioles are the {{c1::respiratory
ducts}}, with many alveoli opening off them - These continue into
... which have a lining of <i>cubical</i> epithelium (<u>but no
cilia</u>) and also many <i>alveoli</i>. - Finally there are the
... which become <i>cubicalized</i> into ...

### Text2
- Beyond the respiratory bronchioles are the respiratory ducts,
with many alveoli opening off them - These continue into
{{c2::alveolar ducts}} which have a lining of <i>cubical</i>
epithelium (<u>but no cilia</u>) and also many <i>alveoli</i>. -
Finally there are the ... which become <i>cubicalized</i> into ...

### Text3
- Beyond the respiratory bronchioles are the ..., with many alveoli
opening off them - These continue into alveolar ducts which have a
lining of <i>cubical</i> epithelium (<u>but no cilia</u>) and also
many <i>alveoli</i>. - Finally there are the {{c3::alveolar sacs}}
which become <i>cubicalized</i> into ...

### Text4
- Beyond the respiratory bronchioles are the ..., with many alveoli
opening off them - These continue into ... which have a lining of
<i>cubical</i> epithelium (<u>but no cilia</u>) and also many
<i>alveoli</i>. - Finally there are the alveolar sacs which become
<i>cubicalized</i> into {{c4::alveoli}}

### Text5


### Text6


### Text7


### Text8


### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
- Beyond the respiratory bronchioles are the {{c21::respiratory
ducts}}, with many alveoli opening off them - These continue into
{{c21::alveolar ducts}} which have a lining of <i>cubical</i>
epithelium (<u>but no cilia</u>) and also many <i>alveoli</i>. -
Finally there are the {{c21::alveolar sacs}} which become
<i>cubicalized</i> into {{c21::alveoli}}
