## Note
nid: 1661020708406
model: Cloze-chrisc-ff04e
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Richard_Ryan, GSSE::Anatomy::Introduction_to_regional_anatomy::2._Nervous_System::Segmental_Innervation_of_Muscles
markdown: false

### Text
<div class='toggle'>
  A {{c1::myotome}} is the amount of muscle supplied by one segment
  of the spinal end.
</div>

### Extra
<p id="5fc84a8e-1d09-4ab6-acb6-81196cbe2ea7" class="">The regular
sequence of myotomes in the trunk appears at first sight to be
broken up into a bewildering complexity of myotomes in the limbs.
Knowledge is required on two points: (1) what is the segmental
supply of this particular limb muscle, and (2) what is the total
muscular distribution of this particular spinal segment? It is an
enormous task to attempt the memorizing of muscle and nerve lists
and, what is more, it is unnecessary, since the underlying plan of
segmental innervation is very simple. It is based on four facts.
<p id="1b141326-ec96-47af-86a0-5c70b7e21ccd" class="">(1) Most
muscles are supplied equally from two adjacent segments (but some,
especially in the upper limb, are predominantly unisegmental). (2)
Muscles sharing a common primary action on a joint irrespective of
their anatomical situation are all supplied by the same (usually
two) segments. (3) Their opponents, sharing the opposite action,
are likewise all supplied by the same (usually two) segments and
these segments usually run in numerical sequence with the former.
(4) For joints distal in the limbs the spinal centre lies lower in
the cord. For a joint one segment more distal in the limb the
centre lies en bloc one segment lower in the cord.
