## Note
nid: 1661020708981
model: Cloze (overlapping)-19dc6
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Victor_Liu
markdown: false

### Original
The medial head of triceps arises on the [[oc1::medial]] side of
the radial groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies
[[oc2::medial]] to the lateral head, with the [[oc3::radial]] nerve
and [[oc4::profunda brachii]] vessels between them. Below the
radial groove, however, the origin widens to include the whole
posterior surface of the humerus and of [[oc5::<u>both</u>]]
intermuscular septa.

### Title
The medial head of triceps

### Remarks
<img src=
"paste-1c75de6bfcd7908696222f3c4d2cead5d7a7860c.jpg"><img src= 
"paste-03d1f5826230be5624bb4735c3e115a271215718.jpg">

### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
The medial head of triceps arises on the {{c1::medial}} side of the radial groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies ... to the lateral head, with the ... nerve and ... vessels between them. Below the radial groove, however, the origin widens to include the whole posterior surface of the humerus and of ... intermuscular septa.

### Text2
The medial head of triceps arises on the medial side of the radial groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies {{c2::medial}} to the lateral head, with the ... nerve and ... vessels between them. Below the radial groove, however, the origin widens to include the whole posterior surface of the humerus and of ... intermuscular septa.

### Text3
The medial head of triceps arises on the ... side of the radial groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies medial to the lateral head, with the {{c3::radial}} nerve and ... vessels between them. Below the radial groove, however, the origin widens to include the whole posterior surface of the humerus and of ... intermuscular septa.

### Text4
The medial head of triceps arises on the ... side of the radial groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies ... to the lateral head, with the radial nerve and {{c4::profunda brachii}} vessels between them. Below the radial groove, however, the origin widens to include the whole posterior surface of the humerus and of ... intermuscular septa.

### Text5
The medial head of triceps arises on the ... side of the radial
groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies ... to the
lateral head, with the ... nerve and profunda brachii vessels
between them. Below the radial groove, however, the origin widens
to include the whole posterior surface of the humerus and of
{{c5::<u>both</u>}} intermuscular septa.

### Text6


### Text7


### Text8


### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
The medial head of triceps arises on the {{c21::medial}} side of
the radial groove of the humerus. Thus, in its upper part, it lies
{{c21::medial}} to the lateral head, with the {{c21::radial}} nerve
and {{c21::profunda brachii}} vessels between them. Below the
radial groove, however, the origin widens to include the whole
posterior surface of the humerus and of {{c21::<u>both</u>}}
intermuscular septa.
