## Note
nid: 1661020710040
model: Cloze (overlapping)-b5f70-2041c
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Victor_Liu, GSSE::Anatomy::Lower_limb::03._Hip
markdown: false

### Original
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the [[oc1::lesser
trochanter.]] It is formed by the [[oc2::transverse branch]] of the
medial circumflex femoral artery, the [[oc3::transverse branch]] of
the lateral circumflex femoral artery, the [[oc4::ascending
branch]] of the first perforating artery (a branch of the
[[oc5::profunda femoris]] artery), and the [[oc6::descending
branch]] of the inferior gluteal artery. This forms a
[[oc7::cross]] shape.

### Title
Cruciate anastamosis

### Remarks
<img src="leg029c.png">

### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the {{c1::lesser
trochanter.}} It is formed by the ... of the medial circumflex
femoral artery, the ... of the lateral circumflex femoral artery,
the ... of the first perforating artery (a branch of the ...
artery), and the ... of the inferior gluteal artery. This forms a
... shape.

### Text2
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the lesser trochanter.
It is formed by the {{c2::transverse branch}} of the medial
circumflex femoral artery, the ... of the lateral circumflex
femoral artery, the ... of the first perforating artery (a branch
of the ... artery), and the ... of the inferior gluteal artery.
This forms a ... shape.

### Text3
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the ... It is formed by
the transverse branch of the medial circumflex femoral artery, the
{{c3::transverse branch}} of the lateral circumflex femoral artery,
the ... of the first perforating artery (a branch of the ...
artery), and the ... of the inferior gluteal artery. This forms a
... shape.

### Text4
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the ... It is formed by
the ... of the medial circumflex femoral artery, the transverse
branch of the lateral circumflex femoral artery, the
{{c4::ascending branch}} of the first perforating artery (a branch
of the ... artery), and the ... of the inferior gluteal artery.
This forms a ... shape.

### Text5
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the ... It is formed by
the ... of the medial circumflex femoral artery, the ... of the
lateral circumflex femoral artery, the ascending branch of the
first perforating artery (a branch of the {{c5::profunda femoris}}
artery), and the ... of the inferior gluteal artery. This forms a
... shape.

### Text6
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the ... It is formed by
the ... of the medial circumflex femoral artery, the ... of the
lateral circumflex femoral artery, the ... of the first perforating
artery (a branch of the profunda femoris artery), and the
{{c6::descending branch}} of the inferior gluteal artery. This
forms a ... shape.

### Text7
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the ... It is formed by
the ... of the medial circumflex femoral artery, the ... of the
lateral circumflex femoral artery, the ... of the first perforating
artery (a branch of the ... artery), and the descending branch of
the inferior gluteal artery. This forms a {{c7::cross}} shape.

### Text8


### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
The cruciate anastamosis is at the level of the {{c21::lesser
trochanter.}} It is formed by the {{c21::transverse branch}} of the
medial circumflex femoral artery, the {{c21::transverse branch}} of
the lateral circumflex femoral artery, the {{c21::ascending
branch}} of the first perforating artery (a branch of the
{{c21::profunda femoris}} artery), and the {{c21::descending
branch}} of the inferior gluteal artery. This forms a
{{c21::cross}} shape.
