## Note
nid: 1661020709089
model: Cloze (overlapping)-19dc6
tags: GSSE::!Contributor::Victor_Liu
markdown: false

### Original
The radial artery passes distally [[oc1::medial]] to the biceps
tendon, across the [[oc2::supinator::muscle]], over the tendon of
insertion of the [[oc3::pronator teres]], the radial origin of
flexor digitorum [[oc4::superficialis]], the origin of the flexor
[[oc5::pollicis longus]], the insertion of [[oc6::pronator
quadratus]] and the lower end of the radius. It disappears
<b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor [[oc7::pollicis longus]] and
extensor [[oc8::pollicis brevis]] to cross the anatomical snuff
box.

### Title
Radial artery in the forearm

### Remarks
<img src="paste-674aed360e588cc1491fd83d91a31209e79c3ca5.jpg">

### Sources


### Settings
1,1,0 | n,n,n,n

### Text1
The radial artery passes distally {{c1::medial}} to the biceps
tendon, across the ..., over the tendon of insertion of the ...,
the radial origin of flexor digitorum ..., the origin of the flexor
..., the insertion of ... and the lower end of the radius. It
disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor ... and extensor
... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text2
The radial artery passes distally medial to the biceps tendon,
across the {{c2::supinator::muscle}}, over the tendon of insertion
of the ..., the radial origin of flexor digitorum ..., the origin
of the flexor ..., the insertion of ... and the lower end of the
radius. It disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor ...
and extensor ... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text3
The radial artery passes distally ... to the biceps tendon, across
the supinator, over the tendon of insertion of the {{c3::pronator
teres}}, the radial origin of flexor digitorum ..., the origin of
the flexor ..., the insertion of ... and the lower end of the
radius. It disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor ...
and extensor ... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text4
The radial artery passes distally ... to the biceps tendon, across
the ..., over the tendon of insertion of the pronator teres, the
radial origin of flexor digitorum {{c4::superficialis}}, the origin
of the flexor ..., the insertion of ... and the lower end of the
radius. It disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor ...
and extensor ... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text5
The radial artery passes distally ... to the biceps tendon, across
the ..., over the tendon of insertion of the ..., the radial origin
of flexor digitorum superficialis, the origin of the flexor
{{c5::pollicis longus}}, the insertion of ... and the lower end of
the radius. It disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor
... and extensor ... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text6
The radial artery passes distally ... to the biceps tendon, across
the ..., over the tendon of insertion of the ..., the radial origin
of flexor digitorum ..., the origin of the flexor pollicis longus,
the insertion of {{c6::pronator quadratus}} and the lower end of
the radius. It disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor
... and extensor ... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text7
The radial artery passes distally ... to the biceps tendon, across
the ..., over the tendon of insertion of the ..., the radial origin
of flexor digitorum ..., the origin of the flexor ..., the
insertion of pronator quadratus and the lower end of the radius. It
disappears <b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor {{c7::pollicis
longus}} and extensor ... to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text8
The radial artery passes distally ... to the biceps tendon, across
the ..., over the tendon of insertion of the ..., the radial origin
of flexor digitorum ..., the origin of the flexor ..., the
insertion of ... and the lower end of the radius. It disappears
<b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor pollicis longus and extensor
{{c8::pollicis brevis}} to cross the anatomical snuff box.

### Text9


### Text10


### Text11


### Text12


### Text13


### Text14


### Text15


### Text16


### Text17


### Text18


### Text19


### Text20


### Full
The radial artery passes distally {{c21::medial}} to the biceps
tendon, across the {{c21::supinator::muscle}}, over the tendon of
insertion of the {{c21::pronator teres}}, the radial origin of
flexor digitorum {{c21::superficialis}}, the origin of the flexor
{{c21::pollicis longus}}, the insertion of {{c21::pronator
quadratus}} and the lower end of the radius. It disappears
<b>beneath</b> the tendons of abductor {{c21::pollicis longus}} and
extensor {{c21::pollicis brevis}} to cross the anatomical snuff
box.
